hello everyone I'm having a new casting
call
I'm already working on the Ginga
Densetsu weed english dub but this one
i've been working on for a while
it's called Inga densetsu Hachiko how
chic it was supposed to be yukimura's
Sun and weeds nephew case you don't know
yukimura's weeds brother I got the idea
because no one really made anything for
you camara but I saw a lot of stuff for
assignment for a week okay I'm going to
be playing how she go now the rest first
I'm going to do the good characters
first up is march eco-mat she goes was
read Rome Sun my Chico needs a bragging
voice he's scared of a lot of things and
tries not to show it and he becomes how
she goes best friend next up is bullet
he's the son of rocket he's brave and
quick and he's another man care didn't
he became a friend of Hachiko blast even
has she got from drowning bullet needs a
brave voice buddy talks pretty quickly
next up is diamond she has very minor
part and she only appears in the
beginning Shizuka murders me and needs a
voice kind of like Sakura's next up is
Yukimura he needs a brave boys kind of
like weeds and yeah that's all I have to
say from next up is Chico Chico is um
John's old mate and she's kind of like
Rica except she goes much more brave
next is Tanya Talia is a dog who hates
his life and wants to kill himself so
he's kind of emo he left his son to die
and when he needs a meal it blood he
asked him to kill himself for your needs
a fatherly boys next is to you two is
twist
he is like how she goes up less brave
and a little younger than him he needs
an innocent younger male voice next up
is Lulu he's Jimmy's son and blue is a
dog poop I'm like his father is very
brave
he will risk his life for almost anyone
and he needs a younger male voice
next is Shiro Tora he is kaga Taurus son
Shiro Torah is very brave but not as
friendly as you see he needs an older
male voice kind of like a teenager
next is sharp tooth tooth is Kyushu son
Sharptooth is brave and protective over
how chic oh and he needs a brave adult
like voice Nexus Qaeda he is a minor
character and only appears in one
episode he's very cowardly and so he
gives us courage from how she go his
courage became so strong he died
protecting how she go on my cheek oh he
needs a cowardly voice until he gives
his courage back once he's back he needs
a very brave boys next up his shin
he's the son of Sosuke and he needs an
emotional choice
the only time his voice is not
emotionless is when he's about to be
killed then his voice becomes very
cowardly kind of like g/b next is Errico
Yuriko is hooks son here we go looks
exactly like hook except he has no brown
spots and Edco needs a country like boys
next is arena oriano is a very brave and
large dog he does have a fear of water
though he needs some a brave deep voice
next is my Dory tour my Dory Tora he's
Shiro Torres younger brother and is very
minor character he needs a younger voice
fan shower Tora next is gen which is
short for a Jennifer she's the son of
Ken and she needs a bossy but also
motherly voice next up is taka he's
testing sufficient Sun and he needs a
brave violin voice
next is Maury he's the son of Mel he is
a brave dog and he's very good at
hunting he needs a high-pitched friendly
voice like Mouse next is Hira she's the
daughter of hero and Rica
she needs a deep voice with the white
ground
she's feared by all males because she
inherited her father's attack yes oh
yeah um first now for the evil
characters first up is blood he's the
deadly son of Huyen and he needs a voice
that slightly deeper than Higgins Nexus
Kohana she's the daughter of camaçari
and she needs a voice like a father's
but girlish next up is a lightning he's
the son of thunder and he needs a voice
with the brownie next is Nami she's this
she's the daughter of Niro and she needs
a motherly voice with a growl and that's
it for now at least I might come up with
some new characters and some of the
characters I'm keeping a secret until
they appear once the characters um I'm
going to bring up the characters that
don't belong to me but belong to
Yoshihara takahashi
I will hold a casting call for them
later some of the time more sleep here
well by these auditions